Ffweb 839 upgrade guide (#163)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.0/en/documentation/install-dist.md

---
Depending on whether you are using [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/), you have the following two ways of installing FACT-Finder Web Components.

### Using Node.js/bower or Node.js/npm

---
Add FACT-Finder Web Components as a dependency to the **bower.json** or **package.json**:
```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "ff-web-components": "https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components.git#3.0.0"
  }
}
```

### Manual Installation

---

> 1. Download the asset of your required version from [Github Release Page](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the asset of your required version from our [Github Release Page](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/releases)
```

2. Unzip the file

> 3. We have included a zip file called `dist.zip`. This file is actually a zipped directory of the **Using Node.js/Bower** approach. Unzip the `dist.zip` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. We have included `dist.zip`, a zip file containing the files used in the **Using Node.js/Bower** approach. Unzip the `dist.zip` file
```

Reviewer 2: Rewrote section as we are not including a `dist.zip`

>     **Note**: In version previous to 3.0.0 this file was named `bower_components`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: In versions previous to 3.0.0 this file was named `bower_components`
```

Reviewer 2: Rewrote section as we are not including a `dist.zip`

Reviewer 2: Rewrote section
